https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8261#links, versions, edits across docs (#5684)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/e8_scan_policy.adoc

An Essential 8 (E8) scan policy deploys a scan that checks the master and worker nodes for compliance with the E8 security profiles. You must install the compliance operator to apply the E8 scan policy.

> The E8 scan policy is created as a Kubernetes configuration policy in {product-title-short}. {ocp-short} supports the E8 scan policy. For more information, see _Understanding the Compliance Operator_ in the link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/security/compliance_operator/compliance-operator-understanding.html[{ocp-short} documentation] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The E8 scan policy is created as a Kubernetes configuration policy in {product-title-short}. {ocp-short} supports the E8 scan policy. For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.12/html-single/security_and_compliance/index#compliance-operator-understanding[Managing the Compliance Operator] in the {ocp-short} documentation for more details.
```
